# AnatomyTasks
A collection of projects that we made over the last semester. Below is a summary of each folder, but more details, features, and technologies used can be found in the readme file within each folder.<br><br>
  The first task is a Multiplanar Reconstruction Program for dicom datasets. I combined that task with the fourth task, which is a dicom file viewer. The Multiplanar reconstructor offers the ability to generate sagittal and coronal slices from a volume of axial slices as well as the ability to pinpoint a point in any viewport, and 2 points will be made in the respective coordinates of this point in the other 2 viewports. The dicom file viewer allows users to view all dicom tags in a file, anonymize the file, and cine play the slices or show all slices as a grid. Both of those tasks can be found in the folder named "**Task 1+4: DicomImageViewer & MPR**". <br><br>
  The second task is a combination of a medical image classifier and a YOLO computer vision model for analyzing and tracking football games. The medical image classifier is trained on and able to classify MRI brain images, CT lung images, X-Ray hand images, and X-Ray Knee images. The YOLO model is used to analyze players' positions throughout the whole game and generate a heatmap of the frequency of the player's position in the pitch. It can be found in the folder named "**Task 2: Medical Image Classifier and Football games analyzer**". <br><br>
  The third task is a 3D game made in unity that allows players to play a puzzle game using a dissected model of the skeletal hand. The game contains a timer for an added challenge, and allows the player to carry, rotate, and place each part of the skeletal hand in its correct position. It can be found in the folder named "**Task 3: Unity 3D puzzle game**". <br><br>
  The fifth task is an image processing task. Through 3 toggelable viewports, the program allows users to: apply intensity-dependent 3 different types of noises to the image, denoise the image with 3 different denoising techniques, zoom into the image with 4 different zooming interpolations, apply user-defined brightness and contrast, and calculate the SNR and CNR for any of the available images in all viewports. It can be found in the folder named "**Task 5: Image Processing**". <br><br>
  The last folder is for our midterm project. The task was to think of exactly one physical law to modify and, using our modification without altering any more physics laws, we should design a new and useful medical imaging technique. The report is done in LaTeX and is accompanied by an animated video explaining and visualizing some details in the report. It can be found in the folder named "**Midterm Task**".
  
  
